This is the Django web app for CGRAN.

The information in the table is automatically generated by parsing gr-recipes and gr-etcetera (PyBOMBS recipes).

### To install this app and web server via docker containers:

1. `sudo apt-get install docker.io`
2. `sudo pip install docker-compose`
3. `sudo usermod -aG docker $USER` reboot needed to take effect
4. `docker-compose build`
5. `docker-compose up`
6. to stop containers `docker-compose stop`
7. then to restart use `docker-compose start`

### GENERAL NOTES:

* in talking with Corgan and others it sounds like we definitely want it automated, so the easiest thing for me to do to improve quality of cgran list is to just add a manifest file to people's repos for them via PR

* should stuff thats not actually an OOT be included?  like gqrx?

* Don't be intimidated by the amount of files and folders, it is simply the way Django apps are organized.
The meat of the code and "business logic" are in ootlist/views.py and ootlist/templates/ootlist/index.html.
Overall it's a pretty small code-base, feel free to suggest functional or design improvements in the form of an issue, PR, or email. 

### Notepad to self

* For shell accessing- `docker exec -ti nginx bash` or `docker exec -ti web bash` 
* `docker ps` lists docker containers that are running
* `docker ps -a` lists all built containers
* you can stop and remove all docker containers using `docker stop $(docker ps -a -q)` then `docker rm $(docker ps -a -q)`
* three-step guide to making model changes:
  1. Change your models (in models.py).
  2. Run python manage.py makemigrations to create migrations for those changes
  3. Run python manage.py migrate to apply those changes to the database.
* save db to yaml file- `python manage.py dumpdata --format yaml ootlist.Outoftreemodule -o db.yaml`
* load yaml file to db- `python manage.py loaddata db.yaml`
